Available commands/interactions:
Commands generally affect the currently focused pane. The focused pane is the pane
that contains the mouse cursor.

Pan - Left mouse + Mouse move
Zoom - Ctrl + Left mouse + Mouse move
Window/Level - Middle mouse + Mouse move
Scroll - Mouse wheel
Fast scroll - Left + Right mouse + Mouse move
Single pane view - Double click (double click again to restore)

Switch case in pane - Keyboard Up/Down
Switch protocol - Keyboard Left/Right
Adjust bitrate of focused view - Keyboard B (increase) / V (decrease)
    * Note: The focused view is the view that contains the focused pane
    (in case there are more than 1 view see --views)

Toggle sync - Keyboard S, toggle sync for the focused pane on/off
Start Cine loop - Keyboard C, starts Cine in the focused pane.
    * For synchronized panes only one pane should start cine.
Adjust Cine speed - Keyboard I (increase) / U (decrease)



NOTES:
* Resizing the window will execute after a 500ms delay
  OBSERVE: The hardware encoder has a lower limit on the size of the
  framebuffer, which varies between different GPUs. If the window is resized
  below about 150px the server pipeline will crash.
* Depending on network conditions the size of the jitterbuffer
  might need to be increased from its default of 200ms (--jitter option)
* The --cpu option will force the server (!) to use software
  encoding instead of the default hardware encoding, this should
  normally not be used.
* Running with --lossless will disable the possibillity to adjust the
  bitrate on the fly.
* The --video-scaling option should not be used. The scaling is included
  in the relevant rate-schedule.
* --rate-schedule can have values of default, performance or quality
  It is an effort to get good tradeoffs for different viewport sizes and
  bandwidth requirements.
* Either (but not both) --protocol or --case can be used to set a starting protocol/case.
* --preset should be left at default, it decides the encoder preset used by the hardware encoder.
  (Only default has been "tested" other settings gives all kind of weired behaviour)
* --tcp can be used to restrict the connection negotiation to only consider TCP. This
  could be an option if the network is extremly spotty, otherwise both TCP and UDP is considered
  and UDP is preferred. With UDP there is always a risk of loosing packets, using NACKS and
  a correctly sized jitterbuffer should alleviate most of the issues.
* --narrow disables the use of full range color conversion, its not reccomended!
* By default the client uses a software H.264 decoder that has features that stop potentially
  corrupted frames from reaching the renderer. This is desirable, but comes at a significant
  performance cost. If the client is running an nvidia graphics card it is reccomended to try the
  --client-hw instead. This will offload the decoding to the GPU and give the best possible latency.
  An alternative for non nvida systems is to use --fast-sw. This will use FFMpegs fast H.264 decoder.
  This decoder has some issues with corrupt frames, something to be aware of.
* --width, --height sets the intial size of the client area of the main window. The window can be resized
  afterwards.
* --views, controls the number of different video streams that the client will use to distribute the panes
  A larger number of views gives better control of how to resize the video streams, but can cause larger delays
  when switching layouts. Typical figures are 1-4 views (1 beeing the default).